c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\TUBES STIMA 3.dll.config
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\TUBES STIMA 3.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\TUBES STIMA 3.pdb
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\DynamicLinqExtensions.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\DynamicMVC.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\DynamicMVC.pdb
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\DynamicMVC.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\obj\Debug\TUBES STIMA 3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\obj\Debug\TUBES_STIMA_3.Migrations.initial.resources
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\obj\Debug\TUBES STIMA 3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\obj\Debug\TUBES STIMA 3.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\obj\Debug\TUBES STIMA 3.pdb
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\LinqToTwitter.AspNet.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\LinqToTwitter.net.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\users\user-ari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TUBES STIMA 3\TUBES STIMA 3\bin\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
